doc: how to change default rbd object size (#44130)
ceph/ceph: doc/man/8/rbd.rst

   nearest power of two; if no suffix is given, unit B is assumed.  The default
   object size is 4M, smallest is 4K and maximum is 32M.

>    The default value can be changed with the config ``rbd_default_order``, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default value can be changed with the configuration option ``rbd_default_order``, which
```

>    takes a power to two (default object size is ``2 ^ rbd_default_order``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   takes a power of two (default object size is ``2 ^ rbd_default_order``).
```
